Update azure-local-overview.md (#126787)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/azure-local-overview.md

- Windows 11 Enterprise
- Windows 10 Enterprise multi-session
- Windows 10 Enterprise

> - Windows Server 20225

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Windows Server 2025
```

- You can only join session hosts on Azure Local to an Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain. This includes using [Microsoft Entra hybrid join](/entra/identity/devices/concept-hybrid-join), where you can benefit from some of the functionality provided by Microsoft Entra ID.

> - AVD for Azure Local requires a connection to the AVD service hosted in Azure for brokering and connecting users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Virtual Desktop for Azure Local requires a connection to the Azure Virtual Desktop service hosted in Azure for brokering connections and connecting users.
```
